 (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:Parties avoid worst-case scenarios• Both Democrats and Republicans saw reason for hope after the primaries on Tuesday. Here’s our full report on the voting, as well as five takeaways.The Democrats, who had more on the line, increased their prospects of winning control of the House this fall by securing ballot spots in multiple California districts. The party had feared being shut out of some races because of the state’s quirky primary system.• For their part, the Republicans secured a spot in California’s governor’s race, which is seen as important to voter turnout in November. Read more about that race, which will offer a stark ideological choice between John Cox, a Republican businessman endorsed by President Trump, and Gavin Newsom, the Democratic lieutenant governor who has promised a “Marshall Plan” for the state.Paul Ryan rejects “Spygate” claims• There are signs of Republican resistance on Capitol Hill.On Wednesday, Mr. Ryan, the House speaker, joined other lawmakers in dismissing President Trump’s claims that the Justice Department had placed a spy in his campaign. He also said that Mr. Trump should not to try to pardon himself.Mr. Trump is facing dissent from members of his own party over a range of issues, particularly trade. He has drastically departed from the traditional Republican embrace of free markets.• Also on Wednesday, Mr. Trump commuted the sentence of a 63-year-old woman serving life in prison for a nonviolent drug conviction after her case was brought to his attention by the celebrity Kim Kardashian West.From put-downs to sit-downs • He has ordered relatives killed, tested nuclear weapons and called President Trump a “mentally deranged U.S. dotard.”But that was last year.More recently, North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, has attempted one of the most striking transformations in modern diplomacy. His planned summit meeting with Mr. Trump will test the new image he’s trying to project.• Rudolph Giuliani, one of Mr. Trump’s lawyers, said on Wednesday that Mr. Kim “got back on his hands and knees and begged” for the U.S. to revive the meeting in Singapore next week.A medical mystery spreads• It started in Cuba in 2016. Now, a strange ailment that has sickened American diplomats and their families has appeared in China.The State Department on Wednesday evacuated at least two more Americans from the southern city of Guangzhou, where they worked at the American Consulate. The new illnesses come weeks after another consulate employee got sick.The diplomats are thought to have been attacked by harmful sounds, leading to symptoms including headaches, nausea and cognitive issues. But it remains unclear if the illnesses are the result of deliberate attacks.• The issue has complicated relations with Cuba, and the U.S. expelled 15 of that country’s diplomats. But the discovery of cases in China has raised suspicions about whether other countries might be to blame. China said today that it was prepared to investigate what was causing the symptoms.When a name makes a brand• The departure of a founder for whom a label was named doesn’t always mean doom for the company. The designer Kate Spade was a big part of her brand’s appeal, even though she hadn’t worked for the company since 2007.Ms. Spade’s husband, Andy Spade, said on Wednesday that she suffered from severe depression before her death. Read his statement.• Reactions to her apparent suicide show that she spoke to more people than many perhaps realized. “Your gorgeous yet practical art made me feel a little less lonely at work every day,” one woman said. Read more here.Business• Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said today that the U.S. had reached a deal to end tough sanctions on the Chinese telecommunications giant ZTE.• Voters in San Francisco resoundingly supported banning sales of flavored tobacco products, including vaping liquids packaged as candies and juice boxes, and menthol cigarettes.• The New Yorker joined a growing list of publications whose employees have unionized.• Our tech columnist wanted to hate electric scooters. (“Tech hubris on wheels,” he writes, “what’s not to loathe?”) Then he used shared e-scooters for a week.• U.S. stocks were up on Wednesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Office friendships can be awkward. Here’s why.• How to clean your workout clothes.• Recipe of the day: Soy-basted chicken thighs pair beautifully with Sriracha-roasted cashews.Noteworthy• Warriors take a commanding leadGolden State could win its second straight N.B.A. championship on Friday after it beat the Cleveland Cavaliers, 110-102, on Wednesday. The Warriors lead the series 3-0.• In memoriamRed Schoendienst, the St. Louis Cardinals’ Hall of Fame second baseman, manager and coach, had a major league career of more than 70 years. He was 95 and the oldest living member of the Hall.Jerry Maren was said to be the last survivor of the more than 100 dwarfs who performed as Munchkins in “The Wizard of Oz” in 1939. His role as the leader of the Lollipop Guild overshadowed a lifetime of work to bring dignity to dwarfs. He was 98.• Love in New York, and “Sex and the City”A special issue of The Times Magazine is dedicated entirely to love in New York City over the course of a single day.By choosing this theme and so tightly limiting the time frame, we hoped to convey how the city juxtaposes the communion of one pair of lovers with the rollicking energy of the bustling crowd. Here’s what we found.We also asked readers, 20 years after the debut of “Sex and the City,” how it inspired them to move to New York. Lots of sometime-Carrie Bradshaws responded.Here’s more from this week’s Styles section.• Sedaris by the seaThe humorist David Sedaris has another No. 1 debut on our hardcover nonfiction best-seller list with “Calypso,” a collection of stories inspired by his time at a beach house. Find all of our best-seller lists here.• Best of late-night TVSamantha Bee apologized on Wednesday for using a severe epithet to describe Ivanka Trump last week. But she didn’t apologize to everybody.• Quotation of the day“Is this city, state and nation safer because they took a pizza delivery guy off the street?”— Justin Brannan, a New York City councilman, referring to an undocumented immigrant who was detained while delivering to an army base and who may now be deported to Ecuador.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingSam Sifton, our Food editor, recommends this investigation by Voice of America and ProPublica: “Everything ends up as garbage. And this dive into the dark world of one of New York’s largest private trash haulers, Sanitation Salvage, is brutal.”Back StoryIn a recent reference to the volcanic eruption in Hawaii, a caption in the Morning Briefing confused tea leaves with ti leaves. (A special mahalo to our readers in Hawaii and elsewhere who alerted us.)After correcting our mistake, we wanted to learn more.ImageThose are ti leaves (not tea leaves), and they play an important role in Hawaiian culture.CreditTamir Kalifa for The New York TimesThe ti plant, or lau-ki, is known scientifically as Cordyline fruticosa. It was taken to Hawaii by ancient Polynesian settlers, who believed that it had protective power. But it has been used in just about every way imaginable.Its narrow leaves grow up to two feet long and can be green, red, purple and other colors — attractive additions to leis, table settings and floral arrangements.Water runs off their waxy surfaces, so the leaves are useful for thatched roofs, footwear and hula skirts.The plant serves both as a food wrapper and as food itself: The roots can be turned into liquor or a sweet. It has medicinal uses as well.Ti leaves are also used as offerings to Pele, the Hawaiian goddess of volcanoes, in the hope of halting lava flows. Plants are placed around homes to dispel evil.Both Pele and ti leaves also play a role in a traditional sport: lava sledding.Jennifer Jett wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:Five months to the midterm elections• Gavin Newsom, the Democratic lieutenant governor of California and former mayor of San Francisco, captured one of two spots on the November ballot for governor. He will face John Cox, a Republican businessman backed by President Trump, in a state that Mr. Trump lost by nearly four million votes in 2016.New Jersey could prove as crucial as California in the contest for the House in November. Democratic leaders are hoping to flip as many as four of the five Republican-held districts in the state, and a former Navy pilot and a pro-gun state senator are among those who secured nominations.• Eight states held primaries on Tuesday, and results are still coming in. Follow live updates here.Global trade rumblings• One possible upshot of any deal that President Trump might strike with Kim Jong-un on June 12 in Singapore: more trade between North Korea and China.On a trip to the countries’ border, our Beijing bureau chief saw a shadow economy of cash couriers, short-term workers and gray-market traders that has persisted despite years of sanctions against North Korea. She also found excitement about the opportunities that the easing of sanctions could bring.Separately, Mexico hit the U.S. on Tuesday with tariffs on around $3 billion of American pork, steel, cheese and other goods. The move, a response to the Trump administration’s steel and aluminum levies, came as Washington suggested it wanted separate trade agreements with Mexico and Canada, rather than tweaks to the North American Free Trade Agreement.• And President Vladimir Putin of Russia is seeking to capitalize on widespread European disillusionment with Mr. Trump by getting the European Union to abandon economic sanctions on his country.A tweet that speaks volumes• “The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself.”President Trump’s aggrieved Twitter post about the attorney general on Tuesday hardly came as a surprise, but it explicitly acknowledged that he’s mad at Mr. Sessions over the Russia investigation.• On Wednesday, Speaker Paul Ryan dismissed Mr. Trump’s charge that there was a spy in his campaign and warned the president not to pardon himself. “No one is above the law,” Mr. Ryan said.Her designs defined an era• Kate Spade made handbags you simply Had. To. Have. The purses she designed for her fashion label were status symbols and tokens of adulthood. She was also a savvy businesswoman, building her aesthetic into a $2.4 billion brand.Ms. Spade, 55, was found dead on Tuesday, in what the police characterized as a suicide. Here’s our obituary, a look at how her designs became a $2.4 billion brand, and a reflection on what her bags meant to a particular set of young women.• Our chief fashion critic  remembers her as a “critical figure in the continuum of women who have defined fashion in the United States.”A (beleaguered) one-man show• LeBron James, one of the greatest basketball players of all time, has looked utterly alone in the N.B.A. finals as he pursues his fourth championship.He has scored 80 points in the first two games, both of which his Cleveland Cavaliers have lost to the Golden State Warriors.• Watching his performance, our N.B.A. columnist writes, “is to behold the tragedy of the super performer wrestling with an age-old dilemma: How much do I need my backup singers?” Game 3 begins tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern.Business• Facebook gave Huawei and other Chinese electronics giants access to its data, the social media company said on Tuesday, as part of a wider effort to lure cellphone users.• The Wall Street Journal appointed Matthew Murray, an insider, as editor in chief. His predecessor, Gerard Baker, presided over a rise in readership but faced accusations from staff members that the paper was too easy on President Trump.• David Koch, a billionaire industrialist with towering influence over American politics, is stepping away from his political and business interests because of declining health.• U.S. stocks were mixed on Tuesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Seventy-three books to read this summer.• Mulling a tough decision? Avoid F.O.B.O. — Fear of Better Options.• Recipe of the day: This banana ice cream has just one ingredient.Noteworthy•  A $646 million divorceThe Luna, a 377-foot yacht with a spa, two heliports and room for 18 guests, is in a dry dock in Dubai, the most fought-over prize in what has been called Britain’s most expensive divorce.A Russian billionaire who has owned a home in England since the 1990s has refused to hand over a penny — much less the yacht — to his former wife. Our correspondent tells the tale.• Miss America 2.0The competition that began in 1921 has long advertised itself as more than a beauty pageant, even though women in bikinis defined its image. In an era of female empowerment, however, the organizers announced on Tuesday that they would scrap the swimsuit and evening gown portions of the competition.If you’ve participated in Miss America or other pageants, we’d like to hear from you.• The enduring boss of Le Bernardin Maguy Le Coze may have retreated from the dining room of the Midtown Manhattan citadel of seafood, but she remains a fast-moving and vigilant force, worrying over every detail.Here’s more from this week’s Food section.• Best of late-night TVStephen Colbert pressed former President Bill Clinton to explain why he had reacted defensively to a question about Monica Lewinsky during a “Today” show interview.Mr. Clinton said earlier at a TimesTalk event that the interview “wasn’t my finest hour.”• Quotation of the day“So we’ll look at gun violence in schools, but not look at guns? An interesting concept.”— Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, after Education Secretary Betsy DeVos told a Senate hearing that a commission on school safety would not focus on the role guns play in school violence.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingJonathan Weisman, our deputy Washington editor, recommends the 2016 book “Blood at the Root”: “I just read this, a nonfiction account of ethnic cleansing of Forsyth County in Georgia. It was 1912, not ancient history. The sense that there has been no justice for the African-Americans lynched, jailed and driven from their homes by the white citizens of Forsyth weighs on a reader like me — white, reasonably affluent, and raised with no knowledge whatsoever of what happened just up the road from my childhood home.” (Read The Times review.)Back Story“The most pivotal battle of all time.”That was how Secretary of State Cordell Hull described D-Day, when more than 150,000 Allied troops landed in Normandy on this day in 1944 to begin liberating Europe from Nazi occupation during World War II.ImageAmerican troops on a Normandy beach in 1944.CreditAssociated PressAirborne forces parachuted across northern France as ground troops landed on five beaches. By day’s end, it was the largest air, naval and land operation in history.But it was not the first D-Day.D-Day is a general term used for the start of any military campaign, and is used when the exact date of an operation is secret or not yet known. Similarly, H-Hour is a term used to describe a yet-to-be-determined time. The alliterative phrases go back at least as far as World War I, and helped keep actual mission dates out of enemy hands.The generic phrases also allowed for advance planning, which in 1944 led to scenes like this:“The relatively calm water was churned by wave after wave of ships,” according to one Times account from Normandy, “some large enough to cast their eerie shadows in the early morning glow and others darting through like so many water-bugs.”Remy Tumin wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:A push for vast executive power• President Trump’s claim on Monday that he has “the absolute right” to pardon himself for any crime was the latest in a series of moves asserting his control over federal law enforcement. No president has ever pardoned himself, and it’s unclear if Mr. Trump could legitimately do so.The idea that presidents, by virtue of their unique constitutional powers, are above the law has surfaced before. Richard Nixon famously claimed after Watergate, “When the president does it, that means that it is not illegal.” But assertions by Mr. Trump’s team that obstruction-of-justice statutes do not apply to him carry new twists. Read more from one of our Washington correspondents.Also on Monday, prosecutors accused Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, of trying to tamper with witnesses in his tax and money laundering case. The prosecutors, who work for the special counsel, Robert Mueller, called for Mr. Manafort’s bail to be revoked or revised.• For nearly a year, Mr. Trump’s aides denied that the president had been behind a misleading statement, released in his son’s name, about a meeting at Trump Tower with a Kremlin-connected lawyer. But in a confidential memo to the special counsel, Mr. Trump’s lawyers acknowledged that  the president had, in fact, dictated the statement.It’s primaries day• Eight states are voting today, the busiest day of the year so far for primaries. Here’s what to watch for.Much of the focus is on California, where the top two finishers in today’s nonpartisan primary will face off in November. That poses a problem for the Democrats, who have so many candidates competing that Republicans might capture both slots. We have 30 journalists across the state who will be providing updates.• Latinos make up nearly 40 percent of California’s population. In the past, low turnout limited their impact at the polls, but there are signs that’s changing this year.A ruling on cake case, but not on free speech• The Supreme Court ruled on Monday in favor of a Colorado baker who had refused to make a wedding cake for a gay couple, but it left open the larger question of whether a business can discriminate against gay men and lesbians based on First Amendment rights.Writing for the majority in the 7-to-2 decision, Justice Anthony Kennedy said the Colorado Civil Rights Commission’s original ruling against the baker, Jack Phillips, had been infected by religious animus.The justices passed on an opportunity to either bolster the right to same-sex marriage or explain how far the government can go in regulating businesses run on religious principles.• The court also turned away a request from the Justice Department to discipline lawyers with the American Civil Liberties Union for assisting an undocumented teenager to obtain an abortion.Banishing the bikiniThe Miss America Organization, confronting a harassment scandal and trying to find its place in the #MeToo era, announced today that it would scrap the swimsuit portion of its competition, starting this year.“We are not going to judge you on your outward appearance,” Gretchen Carlson, the organization’s chairwoman, said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”• Ms. Carlson, a prominent voice for women’s rights in the workplace since she filed a harassment lawsuit in 2016 against the former Fox chairman Roger Ailes, said the competition would focus more on the contestants’ talents, intelligence and ideas. No White House perch for the Eagles • President Trump called off today’s White House celebration for the Philadelphia Eagles after nearly all of the players and coaches of the Super Bowl-winning team said they would boycott the visit.The dispute centered on the president’s repeated demands that N.F.L. players stand during the national anthem at games.• Separately, Melania Trump made her first public appearance in over three weeks on Monday. She was recently treated for a benign kidney condition.Pushing a right-wing message in Europe• Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary has become a right-wing hero, making blunt attacks on liberal democracy.His allies have extended his influence beyond the country’s borders, investing in media outlets in Macedonia and Slovenia, where the hard-liner who finished first in elections on Sunday had Mr. Orban’s support.• As they gather strength across Europe, populist parties are proving adept at manipulating the news media to spread their messages and attack mainstream parties. Our correspondent reports on the trend from Slovenia.Business• Howard Schultz, the outspoken executive chairman of Starbucks, will retire at the end of the month. He’s frequently mentioned as a possible Democratic presidential candidate, but few business executives have gone on to become president.• Sorry, Apple’s not sorry. At the company’s annual developer conference, executives danced around the recent tech backlash, our columnist writes. Here’s a  rundown of the software features that were announced on Monday.• Speaking of tech backlash, Facebook faced new criticism from lawmakers and regulators after it was revealed that it had given dozens of hardware manufacturers access to its user data.• U.S. stocks were up on Monday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Gift ideas for your graduate.• A guide to getting your first apartment.• Recipe of the day: For a light, flavorful meal, dress pan-seared fish and asparagus in aioli.Noteworthy• A tragic milestoneFifty years after Robert F. Kennedy’s death, friends, aides and journalists recall the senator’s last campaign in California, his assassination in Los Angeles and what came next for the city.• Please, warden, just a pinch?Some scientists want to track the health effects of salt by controlling amounts given to volunteers in prison.Here’s more from this week’s Science section.• Caps have Cup in sightThe Washington Capitals are one win away from their first N.H.L. championship, after routing the Vegas Golden Knights, 6-2. They could win the Stanley Cup on Thursday.• Best of late-night TVStephen Colbert reacted to President Trump’s suggestion that he might pardon himself: “Huh. Is it too late to get that king back?”• Quotation of the day“We overthrew control by a monarchy, and the Constitution signals in multiple places that the president is subject to law.”— Peter Shane, a law professor at Ohio State University and the co-author of a casebook on the separation of powers.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingJulie Bloom, an editor on our National desk, recommends this piece from The New York Review of Books: “A smart, thoughtful look at Ron Chernow’s biography of Ulysses S. Grant and his personal essays. ‘He has variously been considered a military icon who won a total victory; a presidential model for overcoming his own considerable flaws and a tragic weakness for scoundrels to achieve fame and glory; a literary phenomenon who crafted the most famous deathbed writing in American letters; and a celebrity who was a paragon of humility and modesty.’ ”Back StorySeventy-five years ago this week, the Zoot Suit riots shook Los Angeles.American servicemen attacked Mexican-Americans, black men and others who had embraced flamboyantly draped suits, padded at the shoulder and pegged at the ankle. Known first as “killer dillers,” zoot suits had become an expression of pride in minority communities.ImageCab Calloway, dressed in a zoot suit, in the 1943 film “Stormy Weather.”CreditGilles Petard/Redferns, via Getty ImagesThe military barred personnel from leaving their barracks, and the City Council voted to ban zoot suits.A Times report that week traced the suit’s origins to Gainesville, Ga. In the years after, it came to be seen as a symbol of pride, swagger and resistance. The bandleader Cab Calloway once called it “the only totally and truly American civilian suit.”“Zoot Suit” also became the title of a play and movie, based on the true story of a group of Latino youths unjustly convicted of murder.Last year, we sent a photographer to shoot portraits of Angelenos at a staging of the play. Many had donned zoot suits or ’40s-style dresses.“When I wear a zoot suit I feel empowered, kind of like it’s a suit of armor,” said Luis Guerrero, then 25. “It’s not only honoring those in the past, but it makes you look sharp.”Karen Zraick wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:Facebook gave data to device makers• The social media giant shared vast amounts of its users’ personal information with at least 60 companies — including Amazon, Apple, BlackBerry, Microsoft and Samsung — over the last decade.The scope of the partnerships, most of which remain in effect, had not been previously reported, and they add to concerns about Facebook’s privacy protections.The company said this year that developers had been cut off from the kind of access that had been exploited by the political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica. But Facebook did not disclose that makers of cellphones, tablets and other hardware were exempt from such restrictions.• Facebook defended the data sharing as consistent with its privacy policies, a 2011 agreement with the Federal Trade Commission and the company’s pledges to users. They said they knew of no cases where the information had been misused.Supreme Court sides with Colorado baker • In a closely watched case, the justices sided with the baker, who refused to make a cake for two men who were planning their wedding reception in 2012.Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, writing for the majority in the 7-2 decision, relied on narrow grounds, saying a state commission had violated the Constitution’s protection of religious freedom.• The decision also strongly reaffirmed protections for gay rights and left open the possibility that cases raising similar issues could be decided differently.Peacekeeper in the trade war• Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, has been one of President Trump’s most enduring and trusted advisers. He has urged a free-trade focus and been a voice of moderation in an administration that sees diplomatic norms as signs of weakness.We looked at Mr. Mnuchin’s difficult balancing act as the U.S. challenges Europe, China, Canada, Mexico and much of the rest of the world over trade.• Talks in Beijing ended on Sunday with Chinese officials refusing to commit to buying more American goods without the U.S. agreeing not to impose more tariffs.Setting the table for North Korea talks• Who sits where? What will they eat? Who pays?The answers to these and many other questions are under discussion now that President Trump’s summit meeting with Kim Jong-un is back on. We examined the logistics for the planned talks next week in Singapore.•  North Korea’s state-run news media reported on Sunday that President Bashar al-Assad of Syria planned to visit Mr. Kim. Mr. Assad has been condemned by the West for using chemical weapons against his own citizens, and the possibility of his visit has mystified some observers. “Hosting Assad, one of the worst butchers on the planet, as your first foreign leader visit is not a good P.R. move,” one said.Good news for breast cancer patients• Many women with early-stage breast cancer who would receive chemotherapy under current standards don’t actually need it, according to a study that is expected to quickly change medical treatment.The study found that gene tests on tumor samples were able to identify women who could safely skip chemotherapy and take only a drug that blocks the hormone estrogen or that stops the body from making it.• The findings apply to about 60,000 women a year in the U.S., according to the leader of the study.Business• The U.S. recovery from the Great Recession is a case study in consistency. We looked at the numbers in light of the blockbuster jobs report on Friday.• Google  will not renew a contract with the Pentagon for artificial intelligence work when the deal expires next year. The arrangement had caused dissent among some employees who were concerned that their work could be used for lethal purposes.• Apple kicks off its annual developers conference today starting at 1 p.m. Eastern. Here’s what to watch for.The event is one of the headlines to watch this week.• U.S. stocks were up on Friday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• How to deal with group texts that never seem to stop.• Five simple tips to sleep better on your next trip.• Recipe of the day: For a meatless Monday, cook tofu saag paneer with spinach and ginger.Over the Weekend• A volcano erupted near Guatemala’s capital, killing at least 25 people and leaving many more missing.• Two elite climbers  fell to their deaths while ascending El Capitan, one of the best-known rock formations in Yosemite National Park in California.• Slovenia joined the list of European countries tilting to the right after a populist party led by a firebrand former prime minister won the most votes in parliamentary elections.• President Trump will host a dinner this week in honor of Ramadan, restoring a White House tradition that he had skipped his first year in office.• The Golden State Warriors lead the N.B.A. finals two games to none after dominating the Cleveland Cavaliers, 122-103, on Sunday.• Game 4 of the Stanley Cup finals is tonight. The Washington Capitals lead the Vegas Golden Knights two games to one.• “Solo: A Star Wars Story” was No. 1 at the North American box office, but its weekly earnings took a steep dive to $29.3 million.Noteworthy• A slap on the wrist from A.T.F.Senior officials at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives regularly overrule their own inspectors, allowing gun dealers who fail inspections to keep their licenses, according to a Times investigation. We examined the agency’s delicate role in policing the gun industry, which has historically resisted regulation and holds powerful sway over lawmakers.• Dr. Ruth at 90After countless radio and TV appearances, and two autobiographies, the sex therapist Dr. Ruth Westheimer takes stock of her long career.• Listen carefully, book loversA growing group of successful authors, including Michael Lewis and Robert Caro, are releasing audio originals, hoping to take advantage of the surging audiobook market.• In memoriamElla Brennan was the exacting matriarch of a New Orleans restaurant family whose flagship, Commander’s Palace, is renowned for serving a blend of Louisiana and nouvelle cuisines. She was 92.• Quotation of the day“Unlike EpiPen, women are not going to be rising up and saying, ‘My vagina is dry and I don’t want to pay $2,000 to $3,000 a year.’ ”— Dr. Lauren Streicher, of the Northwestern Medicine Center for Sexual Medicine and Menopause, on the taboo that keeps women from protesting the rising cost of drugs that improve their sex lives.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingAlan Henry, a Smarter Living editor, recommends this piece from Vanity Fair: “A comprehensive look at why Twitter is failing so badly at handling abuse and harassment on its platform, even though it has some well-intentioned and highly qualified people at the helm.”Back StoryBefore railroads, the easiest way to cross the U.S. in the 1800s was by horse caravan. But the military once tried to introduce a four-legged competitor — with humps.On this day in 1855, a Navy ship sailed from New York on the first of several missions to buy camels in the Middle East. Members of the U.S. Army Camel Corps later took the animals on pilot treks through the arid American Southwest, and praised them as superior to horses and mules.ImageA mural by Patrick Westphal depicting the arrival of camels at Camp Verde, Tex.CreditLibrary of CongressAlthough camels have been used by militaries throughout history, the Camel Corps was dissolved in 1861 when its lead advocate, Secretary of War Jefferson Davis, left to lead the Confederacy during the Civil War.Statues of Davis, whose side lost the war, have recently been removed across the South as part of a backlash against racism and white supremacy.But a monument to Hadji Ali — a camel handler of Syrian and Greek descent who joined the Camel Corps expeditions after being recruited in a Turkish port — still stands in Quartzsite, Ariz. It was erected in 1934, the same year the last camel from the original corps died in a zoo.Mike Ives wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:The real threat to the economy• Under the steep tariffs on steel and aluminum that the U.S. has imposed on its closest allies, prices are likely to rise and supply chains will probably be disrupted.But our senior economics correspondent says there’s a longer-term danger to the American economy: “The administration’s trade policy is displaying an erratic, improvised, us-against-the-world quality that is anathema to businesses that must make long-term decisions about how to deploy capital.” Read more here.Canada, the European Union and Mexico will face 25 percent tariffs on steel and 10 percent on aluminum. They quickly denounced the tariffs on Thursday and prepared to retaliate.• In moving forward with tariffs on national security grounds, the Trump administration now faces a test of whether its aggressive strategy can extract promises from trading partners.Italian populists to take the reins• Two parties with a history of antagonism toward the European Union are set be sworn in today, unsettling the political order of both Italy and Europe more broadly.The country’s president had blocked the formation of a government, objecting to a nominee for finance minister who helped write a guide to withdrawing Italy from the euro, Europe’s single currency. The populists reshuffled on Thursday to move him to a less critical post.The uncertainty — as well as the remote possibility that the E.U.’s fourth-biggest economy might leave the currency union — spooked markets this week. Here’s a look at why the turmoil is causing global financial angst.• And Spain is also headed for a new government. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, one of Europe’s longest-serving leaders, lost a no-confidence vote today over a major corruption scandal.The politics of pardons • In some instances, the president still gets the last word.President Trump intervened in the case of Dinesh D’Souza, a conservative commentator, on Thursday and suggested he might also extend clemency to former Gov. Rod Blagojevich of Illinois and the lifestyle mogul Martha Stewart.All three cases echo the president’s grievances with the justice system. Some critics said Mr. Trump may be signaling associates to stay strong and not help prosecutors.• Here’s a look at Mr. D’Souza, who pleaded guilty in 2014 to making illegal campaign contributions. He has argued that the Obama administration targeted him because of his politics.Another comedian crosses a line• Samantha Bee apologized on Thursday for using a vulgar epithet to describe Ivanka Trump, days after the cancellation of “Roseanne” following a racist tweet from Roseanne Barr.TBS, which airs “Full Frontal With Samantha Bee,” also issued an apology but took no disciplinary action against the late-night host, who said she had “crossed a line.”• Ms. Bee is a full-throated opponent of President Trump, while Ms. Barr is an outspoken supporter. The different consequences for the entertainers provided a fresh opportunity for conservatives to accuse the media of a liberal bias.Business• The U.S. economy  added 223,000 jobs in May, the Labor Department reported today. The unemployment rate fell to 3.8 percent from 3.9 percent, the lowest since early 2000.• Forget Google versus Facebook. The tech world’s most bruising battle for supremacy is in China, and it could point to Big Tech’s future everywhere else.• An investigation into the lack of women on corporate boards in Britain listed some of the worst explanations that business leaders had given. “As you read this list of excuses, you might think it’s 1918 not 2018,” a female executive said.• U.S. stocks were down on Thursday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• What to expect in gynecological exams.• Find a hotel  that suits you.• Recipe of the day: This strawberry and mascarpone tart is easy and delicious.Noteworthy• Warriors win in overtimeGolden State held off LeBron James, his 51 points, and the rest of the Cleveland Cavaliers to take the opening game of the N.B.A. finals, 124-114. Game 2 is Sunday (we double-checked).• In memoriamTed Dabney, an electrical engineer, laid the groundwork for the modern video game industry as a co-founder of Atari and helped create the hit game Pong. He was 81.• The week in good news“Mahattanhenge” brought New Yorkers together, and six other stories that inspired us.• Quiz time!Did you keep up with this week’s news? Test yourself.• Can you spell “koinonia”?Karthik Nemmani could. By doing so, the 14-year-old from McKinney, Tex., won the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Here are some memorable words from Thursday’s final.(And we’ll save you the trip to a dictionary: Koinonia is defined as Christian fellowship.)• Ready for the weekendAt the movies, our critic says “Adrift,” a true story of survival at sea, is “a notch below average.” Find something more promising in  this week’s film reviews.On TV, we spoke to Alicia Silverstone, who is back in the spotlight after a low-wattage two decades as the lead of the new series “American Woman.”We have two big projects to tell you about: Our theater critics came up with their list of the 25 best American plays since “Angels in America” arrived on Broadway in 1993 (there’s currently a revival). Watch excerpts from their picks here.And our Book Review has  a guide to summer reading. Seventy-three books = a lot of beach time.Speaking of summer, here’s a reminder: We have a limited-run newsletter to help New Yorkers make the most of the season. Read the latest and sign up here.• No late-night TV this weekMost of the comedy hosts are taking the week off, so our roundup is, too. It will return next week.• Quotation of the day“I think they were trying to insult the case. Why go there with the $1? That was the hurtful part.”— John Phillips, whose clients in a wrongful-death lawsuit were rewarded $4 in damages: $1 for funeral expenses and $1 for each of the dead man’s three children.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingMichael Roston, an editor on our Science desk, recommends this piece from The Cut: “New York is an ambitious city, and so are its con artists. Jessica Pressler’s tale of ‘Anna Delvey’ stretches from New York’s hippest hotels and restaurants to a Park Avenue real estate deal. By the end, you’ll be reminded that being sophisticated and urbane is no defense against becoming a mark.”Back StoryIt’s now a widely known way to save people from choking: Wrap your arms around them from behind and squeeze their abdomen, to create air flow to the lungs and push out whatever’s stuck.The Heimlich maneuver was first described in June 1974 in an article by its creator, Dr. Henry Heimlich, a thoracic surgeon.ImageDr. Henry Heimlich demonstrates his namesake maneuver on the TV host Johnny Carson in 1979.CreditGene Arias/NBCU Photo Bank, via Getty ImagesIn the early 1970s, almost 4,000 Americans died annually from choking on food or small objects. It was the country’s sixth-leading cause of accidental death. By some estimates, the technique has saved more than 100,000 people.Dr. Heimlich’s method has become a safety icon that is taught in schools and portrayed in movies. At first, however, he found himself at odds with a skeptical medical establishment.In May 2016, shortly before his death at the age of 96, he saved an 87-year-old woman’s life using his own maneuver. “I felt it was just confirmation of what I had been doing throughout my life,” he said.Claire Moses wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com. (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Here’s what you need to know:It’s not at all quiet on the trade front• The U.S., already locked in a contentious dispute with China, will begin imposing steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada, the European Union and Mexico at midnight.The measure could provoke retaliation against American businesses.• Separately, federal regulators have proposed softening the so-called Volcker Rule, which was imposed after the global financial crisis and intended to prevent banks from making risky bets with depositors’ money. They said it was too complicated to enforce.ABC and the “Roseanne” uproar• In the social media age, every minute in corporate crisis management counts.The praise the network received after swiftly axing its hit sitcom over a racist tweet could inspire other businesses facing public relations disasters. Our reporter spoke with communications experts about some of the lessons.We also looked at the pressures facing the writers and other staff members on “Roseanne.” Although they were heartened by the show’s success, Roseanne Barr’s often divisive posts on Twitter were a growing distraction. “She would tweet stuff, then apologize and get off Twitter, and then it would get better,” an executive producer said. “And then it would blow up again.”• President Trump addressed the dispute on Wednesday, saying that he, too, deserved an apology from ABC. The network had apologized to Valerie Jarrett, the subject of the tweet that got Ms. Barr’s show canceled.The deadly echoes of Columbine• The shooting at Columbine High School in Colorado nearly 20 years ago has inspired   young gunmen across America, according to researchers.The mass shooting this month at a Texas high school provided the latest evidence of what they say is a growing copycat syndrome: The gunman wore a black trench coat and used a sawed-off shotgun, just two of several similarities with the Columbine gunmen in 1999.• On Wednesday, the authorities released a chilling video made by the suspect in the school shooting in Parkland, Fla., in February. He repeatedly mentioned that he wanted his name to be remembered.An assassination that wasn’t • The death of a dissident journalist on Tuesday appeared to be yet another contract killing carried out in the murky shadows of the conflict pitting Russia against Ukraine.But a day later, the journalist, Arkady Babchenko, walked into a news conference that Ukrainian security officials had called to discuss his “murder.”• Ukraine said the staged death was a sting operation to try to stop a real assassination plot against Mr. Babchenko. Russia criticized the tactic, as did many journalists.Business• A $9 million artificial intelligence deal between Google and the Pentagon has created an identity crisis at the internet giant.Many engineers at Google are appalled that their employer could eventually be associated with more efficient ways to kill.• Walmart will help pay college tuition for its 1.4 million workers in the U.S., adding to the list of companies providing education financing as a perk in a tight labor market.• Tesla earned a “recommended” rating from Consumer Reports for its first mass-market electric car, after a software update fixed what the magazine had called “big flaws.”• U.S. stocks were up on Wednesday. Here’s a snapshot of global markets today.Smarter LivingTips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.• Don’t be so hard on yourself.• You can age well and live in your home.• Recipe of the day: Make a big batch of pimento cheese for sandwiches.Noteworthy• Obama on Trump: “What if we were wrong?”Shortly after the 2016 election, President Barack Obama struggled to understand Donald Trump’s victory, and wondered if he had misjudged his own place in history, according to a new book by a longtime adviser.• Blood will tell, Part 2Joe Bryan has spent the past three decades in prison for the murder of his wife, a crime he claims he didn’t commit.His conviction rested largely on “bloodstain-pattern analysis,” a technique still in use in criminal justice, despite concerns about its reliability. Should this type of forensic science be allowed in the courtroom? A reporter for ProPublica and The Times Magazine investigates.(If you missed Part 1, you can find it here.)Image“They had to convict somebody — anybody,” Joe Bryan said. “So they went after me.”CreditDan Winters for The New York Times• In sportsThe Washington Capitals evened the Stanley Cup finals at one game apiece, beating the Vegas Golden Knights, 3-2.And the N.B.A. finals begin tonight. There is no precedent for a major American sports league having the same championship matchup for four consecutive years, but that ends when the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers tip off at 9 p.m. Eastern. Here’s our preview.• “Misery” loves companyStephen King’s latest, “The Outsider,” debuts at No. 1 on our hardcover fiction best-seller list. This is his 41st book to hit the top of our charts.Find all of our best-seller lists here.• The end of “The Americans” Here’s our TV critic’s review of last night’s series finale of the ’80s-era spy show, as well as an interview with the stars, Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys.(Your briefing writer hasn’t read either of them, because he has an early bedtime, didn’t watch, and wants to avoid spoilers.)• A reminder to sign up for summerLast week we told you about our new limited-run newsletter, Summer in the City, which will help New Yorkers make the most of the season. In case you missed the first one: Sign up here.• No late-night TV this weekMost of the comedy hosts are taking the week off, so our roundup is, too. It will return next week.• Quotation of the day“While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”— A tweet from Sanofi, the maker of Ambien, after Roseanne Barr said she was taking the drug when she wrote the racist post that caused ABC to cancel her “Roseanne” reboot.• The Times, in other wordsHere’s an image of today’s front page, and links to our Opinion content and crossword puzzles.• What we’re readingMichael Wines, a national correspondent, recommends this piece from The Paris Review: “A quick article chock-full of things you never knew you wanted to know about fingerprints. Like why we have them (won’t spoil this, but it seems pretty fantastical), why teenagers leave more prints than adults, and what predilections for awful diseases they foretell. You’ll never look at your hands the same way.”Back Story“One of the world’s greatest industrialists.”That’s what Joseph Stalin once said about Henry Ford. But why would a communist leader have such kind words for a titan of modern capitalism?ImageA Ford Motor plant in Detroit in 1927.CreditPopperfoto/Getty ImagesOn this day in 1929, Ford Motor agreed to sell $30 million worth of cars to the Soviet Union, and to help build one of the world’s largest car factories in Nizhny Novgorod, a city in western Russia that was transformed by the help of American architects and engineers.Stalin was eager to industrialize, and in 1928, he introduced the first of a series of five-year plans outlining his economic goals. As part of that first plan, Ford’s architect Albert Kahn (“the man who built Detroit”) helped construct more than 500 factories in just a few years.In the Times article announcing the deal in 1929, Ford was quoted as saying, “No matter where industry prospers, whether in India or China, or Russia, all the world is bound to catch some good from it.”Although Ford opposed America’s entry into World War II — and conducted business with Nazi Germany — his company’s factories proved integral to the Allies’ victory.Penn Bullock wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays and updated all morning. Browse past briefings here.Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. To receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, sign up here.Check out our full range of free newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes.com.